Add more information and cross links to algorithms (#3442)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/processing_algs/qgis/vectorgeometry.rst

Drape (set Z value from raster) |34|
------------------------------------

> Uses value sampled from a band within a raster layer to set the Z value for every

Author: ```suggestion
Uses values sampled from a band within a raster layer to set the Z value for every
```

.......

``Updated`` [vector: any]

>   A Z-dimension based vector layer whose vertices are assigned the extracted values

Reviewer: A vector layer with Z values extracted from the provided raster layer.

Author: hmmm... My initial concern is that reading this does not explicitly make me thing that I was getting a linestringZ layer (my input layer being a linestring). I wondered if z values were extracted in an attribute field (linking Z values to 3D does not seem straightforward to me).

Reviewer: Perhaps it would be better to mention geometries - I have tried to reformulate.

>   for their Z coordinates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Parameters
..........
``Input layer`` [vector: any]

>   Input vector layer to downgrade the geometry type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Input vector layer from which m/z values will be dropped.
```

``Drop M Values`` [boolean]

>   Removes the M values from the features geometry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Removes the M values from the geometries.
```

  Default: *False*

``Drop Z Values`` [boolean]

>   Removes the Z values from the features geometry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Removes the Z values from thegeometries.
```

  Default: *False*

Outputs
.......
``Z/M Dropped`` [vector: any]

>   Vector layer without M and/or Z values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Vector layer with M and/or Z values removed.
```

Author: I find weird the expression "... with ... removed". It's there or it's not. If it's removed, then it's no longer with it (hope you get what I mean...)

Reviewer: I have tried to reformulate.

``M Added`` [vector: any]
  Vector layer in output with M value.

See also
........
:ref:`qgissetmfromraster`, :ref:`qgissetzvalue`, :ref:`qgisdropmzvalues`

.. _qgissetmfromraster:

Set M value from raster |34|
----------------------------

> Uses value sampled from a band within a raster layer to set the M value for every

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uses values sampled from a band within a raster layer to set the M value for every
```

.......

``Updated`` [vector: any]

>   A M-value based vector layer whose vertices are assigned the extracted values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A vector layer with M values extracted from the provided raster layer.
```

>   for their M property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
